# RainCandy Technology Online Services Privacy Policy
Unless specifically mentioned, the following privacy policy applies only to the RainCandy Technology website (http://raincandy.tech/ & http://raincandy.1337.moe/).

## About English Translation
This policy is prepared both in Chinese and English version, and in the event any conflicts arises out of the two versions, the Chinese version shall prevail.

## Comments
When a visitor leaves a comment, we collect the data filled in the comment form, as well as the visitor's IP address and browser's User Agent string to help check for spam comments.

A anonymized string (also known as a hash) generated by your email address may be provided to public avatar services such as Gravatar and Cravatar. After your comment is approved, your profile picture will be publicly displayed next to your comment.

## Media
Before you upload images to our website, please carefully verify that the images you are uploading have no geolocation information (EXIF GPS) embedded. Visitors of our website can download these images and relevant location information (if any) may be extracted from them.

## Cookies
If you leave comments on our site, you can choose to save your information like name, email address and website address with cookies for your convenience, so you don't need to fill in the relevant content again when commenting. These cookies will be retained for one year.

If you visit our login page, we set a temporary cookie to confirm whether your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.

When you log in, we also set a number of cookies to save your login information and screen display options. Login cookies are retained for two days, while screen display option cookies are retained for one year. If you have selected the "Remember me" option, your sign-in status will remain for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the cookies used to log in will be removed.

If you edit or publish an article, we will save an additional cookie in your browser. This cookie does not contain personal data, but only records of article ID you have just edited. This cookie will be retained for one day.

## Who we share your information with
When you use the comment function on this site, the information you filled in (such as name, user name, email address and comment content) as well as your IP address, User Agent information and the URL of your comment article or page, may be shared with Akismet (spam comment filtering), Gravatar (public avatar service) and Cravatar (public avatar service) for functions mentioned above.

##  How long we keep your information
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata will be saved on this server indefinitely. We do this so that any follow-up comments are identified and automatically approved without being queued for review.

For registered users of this website, we also store the personal information provided by users in their profiles. All users can view, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (there's a exception that users cannot edit their username), and site administrators can view and edit that information.

The retention of cookie information will follow the policy described above.

## What rights you have in relation to your information
If you have an account of our website, or you have left comments on our website, you can request an export file of the personal data we retained about you, which also includes all the data you provide to us. You can also ask us to erase all personal data about you. This does not include data that we must retain for administrative, regulatory or security purposes.

## Where your data will be sent
In order to allow multiple functions of the website working normally, your information may be processed by Akismet (spam comment filtering), Gravatar (public avatar service) and Cravatar (public avatar service) with their privacy policy.<br>
Depends on the location of servers for these services, your data may be send to different regions. Please contact the provider of these services for more information.

## About other websites
Some pages on this site may direct you to other websites or contain embedded content (such as videos, images, articles, etc.) from other websites. Please aware that these embedded contents from other websites behaves no differently than visiting these websites directly.

When you interact with these contents, the website related with these contents may process your information by their privacy policy, such as collecting data about you, using cookies, embedding additional third-party trackers and monitoring your interactions with such embedded content, including tracking your interactions with embedded content when you have an account with these websites and are logged into these sites.

Please refer to the privacy policy page of the target website for more information.

## Software and services related to Microsoft Corporation
When you use our repacked version of Microsoft softwares (Windows, Office, etc.) or Microsoft 365 services managed by us (if any), Microsoft may collect some information, such as your IP address. [Please check Microsoft's support page for more information.](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=521839)

## Software and services related to Kingsoft Office
When you use Kingsoft Office Enterpise Services managed by us (such as WPS 365 and KDocs, if any) or our repacked version of Kingsoft Office softwares (WPS Office, WPS PDF, etc.), Kingsoft Office may collect some information, like your IP address, computer hardware info and operating system version, which may contain sensitive personal information. Please check [WPS Office Software Privacy Policy (Global)](https://www.wps.com/privacy-policy/), [WPS Privacy Protection Policy (Chinese Mainland)](https://www.wps.cn/privacy/full_privacyprotect) and the Privacy Policy page in the about dialog of the software for more information.

## About other software projects of this site
For other software projects provided by this site, the original developer/publisher of the software may collect informations like your IP address, computer hardware info and operating system version, which may contain sensitive personal information. Please contact the developer or publisher of the software for more information.

*Revision date: February 14, 2024*
